Q.1 What’s Constructor And Its Purpose?
    constructor creates and initializes an object instance of a class. In JavaScript, a constructor gets called when an object is created using the new keyword.
    The purpose of a constructor is to create a new object and set values for any existing object properties.

Q.2 Explain This Keyword and Its Purpose?
    This keyword refers to an object that is executing the current piece of code. It references the object that is executing the current function.

Q.3 What’s Call Apply Bind Method & Difference Between them?
    call() invokes a function with a given this value and arguments provided one by one.
   syntax:
    function.call( )

    apply() invokes a function and allow you to pass arguments as an array.
    syntax:
    function.apply( )

    bind() It returns a new function, allowing us to pass in array and any number of arguments.

    syntax:

    var xyz = function.bind( );
       xyx( );


Q.4 Explain OOPS ? 
    Object-Oriented Programming is a programming style based on classes and objects. These group data (properties) and methods (actions) inside a box.

Q.5 Whats Abstraction and Its Purpose?
    Abstraction in JavaScript is to hide the implementation details and highlight an object’s essential features to the users. That’s how embedding Abstraction in a JavaScript program can enhance the readability of the code and avoid duplication. By providing only important details to the users, it also improves the security of an application.

Q.6 Whats Polymorphism and Purpose of it?
    Polymorphism means the same function with different signatures is called many times.
    uses:
       Programmers can use the same method name repeatedly.
       Polymorphism has the effect of reducing the number of functionalities that can be paired together.

Q.7  Whats Inheritance and Purpose of it?
     inheritance is supported by using prototype object.classical inheritance, methods from base class get copied into derived class. Some people call it "Prototypal Inheriatance" and some people call it "Behaviour Delegation".

Q.8 Whats Encapsulation and Purpose of it ?
    Encapsulation is the bundling of data and the methods that act on that data such that access to that data is restricted from outside the bundle.

Q.9 Explain Class in JavaScript?
    A class in javascript is basically a blueprint or template of the object. New objects can be created from a class.
    Syntax:
    class classname {
     constructor(parameter) {
     this.classname = parameter;
   }
  }

Q.10 What’s Super Keyword & What it does?
    The super keyword is used to call the constructor of its parent class to access the parent's properties and methods.
    Super keyword in JavaScript can be used to access and call on an object’s parent.
    Syntax:
    super(arguments);
    super.parentMethod(arguments);

